Ask for a good place to find out what else we can do is to check the recipes service we can get rid
of get recipe add recipe update and delete recipe which is a good sign.
Now we only got to get recipes and set recipes.
Now where do these two come from.
Let's start with get recipes.
Where do we call that.
We do we use it in a shared folder in a data storage service.
We do use it here when we store recipes.
This is where we call get recipes here.
Now why do we call it here.
Well because I need to get all the recipes I want to store.
This is by the way all the the place where we called Set recipes.
Once we fetched them sort of data storage service is the last place where I have to work on my recipes.
Now here are a couple of interesting things you can do with that.
We could register that as side effects actually because you could argue that these recipe related actions
are basically things which don't directly alter our state.
They might dispatch an action at the end which does that.
But in between we send HTP request based on an action related to recipes.
So recipe effects sounds like a good idea for that.
It could have one effect for fetching recipes and one for getting them to the one for storing and one
for fetching.
So.
And the one where we get recipes here we would in the end dispatch an abreaction where we set recipes
the one where we store recipes.
We don't really have to dispatch any of our request thereafter.
So let's go back to the recipes to recipes store and let's add recipe effects to that.
Now if you want to use effects here we also have three just three days four days module here for this
feature module.
But I'll do this next.
So first of all that's expert a class which I'll name a recipe if that's a normal class.
Now if the Creator Let's go to recipes module and after the Stormwatch of year let's add the effect
the effects module.
Make sure to import that from ngi are x effects.
So to import that year and call for feature here to pass an array and pass all the effects classes in
here which are related to this feature module.
In my case simply recipe effects which you all need to import from the recipe effects file with this
add it here we now can set up our effects.
So for that all use the effect decorator which you need to import from energy x effects and a first
of all I want to create one for fetching the recipes.
So I will call that recipe fetch instead of equal to.
Well I now need directions again.
All the action is bundled and managed by a.r X..
So let's inject them private actions with the dollar sign.
Again not important you can leave it out I just add it here to signal that this is an observable and
it will be of type actions which we also import from at Angie or X effects.
Now with that added to your eyes it does equal do this actions and then check the type.
Now we need new types for that store and fetch recipes.
So let's go to actions and simply add them export a constant store recipes which is store recipes as
a string and export and nobbled constant which is fetch recipe is equal to fetch recipes here too.
Now let's add new classes export a class store recipes which will implement an action and which therefore
has do you read only type store recipes and what you will also need a payload of course the recipes
it should store.
So it will have a payload property which is of type recipe.
Aere again the recipes it should store or actually in the end does need that because we already have
the recipes in our state.
We have to add recipes here.
Right.
So actually we can fetch it from there.
So we don't need a payload for store recipes.
We can directly get them from the state that's much better.
Now export class fetch recipes diablerie action.
I want to add that recipes implementing action to end the year we get a read only type which is fetch
recipes and we don't need a payload for that too.
So now let's add store recipes.
And the fetch recipes class down there too does export that type so that we have all of that bond up
and can use it for example the reducers even though we won't do that for store and fetch but I now want
to use it in the effects.
So here I want to check if the effects of type fetched recipes so let's simply import everything as
recipe actions from dot slash store recipe actions and check if Desire's recipe actions fetch recipes
and now upon knowing that we have this type of one 2 and switch map here I need to unlock this so at
our X chairs at operators which map as an import as a side note it might work without that.
But it's better for the Bunnell size if you unlocked these operators explicitly like this.
So here we will get an action which will be of Taieb recipe actions fetch recipes and now here I want
to send my request.
So let's head over to the data storage service and on get recipes here.
I want to basically execute this code.
I will alter it a bit but for now copy it over there.
So let's return this code here I use the HTP client though so I need to unlock this or inject this.
Got one.
Curly braces too much here.
So I need to inject DHT declined new HD declined as presented in one of the newly added modules in this
course slept in check.
H.T. declined which is of kind.
Edgefield age to be client to be imported from at angular common age to DP.
So make sure to add this import here at the top of your file.
HTP client from.
Angular comment.
HTP.
Now the day that we got our switch map.
Here where I return from my HTP client request.
I'm explicitly typing this request here with the recipe so that we get back an array of recipes so I
don't worry at this year and therefore import recipe from our recipe model that I'm reaching out to
this and I need to change this here though so we get this set up the way we want to observe the body
that's all right.
Then we map this here to extract our recipes.
However I will remove that from here and add map after a switch map here to keep our chain clean.
So now I'm only returning observable here in switch map which is all right then I map the recipes I
get back.
And then here I don't want to subscribe instead.
In the end once we get the recipes I don't want to return them.
I want to return an object which will be turned into a new action and dispatched automatically by ngi
are x effects and afford it.
I need to find the type of the action.
So that's to be found and recipe actions and here fetch recipes.
That's a tie and I need to pass a payload which will be well my recipes.
So that's all.
This is how fetching should work with side effects.
Now to see if that works.
I need to dispatch the recipes here excuse me that should be set recipes.
I need to dispatch to fetch recipes action to trigger side effects.
Let's see if that works.
And we do what is in the header component because this is where we have the buttons on fetch data.
Here I now need to access my store so this store dispatch.
And now I need to import my recipe actions.
So let me quickly do that import as recipe actions from recipes.
Store recipe actions so make sure to add this import and with it added I can now see a new recipe actions
fetch recipes.
This when your and that should do the trick.
Now let's see if that works as expected.
And let's head over to the application reloaded.
And quickly logons sauted fetching and so on will work.
Let's delete a recipe's of that we can really see if it works and let's click fetch data obscured.
Now we're fetching it through our store.
Or a side effect.
Let's next tackle.
Storing recipes.